autorally_control/src/path_integral/params/models/README.md, before:

This folder contains the parameters for the AutoRally dynamics models used by MPPI. All of the models take as input 4 (roll, longitudenal velocity, lateral velocity, heading rate) state variables and 
the commanded steering and throttle, and they output the time derivative of the state variables.

## autorally_nnet_09_12_2018.npz 
This is a neural network with 2 hidden layers and tanh non-linearities, which means that the total configuration of the network is 6-32-32-4. This network is meant to be used by the class neural_net_model.cuh, which takes the 6-32-32-4 shape as a template parameter. Within neural_net_model.cuh, the model is loaded in by the function "loadParams(std::string model_path)", where model path is the path to this file. This network was trained on real world data collected at CCRF on the beta chassis. It was initially
trained to minimize one-step prediction error, and then fine-tuned using back-prop through time in order to minimize multi-step prediction error. For both phases of training stochastic gradient descent with ADAM was used.

## torch_model_autorally_nnet.pt
A PyTorch model file with the autorally neural net architecture loaded up with the weights and biases from the [above file](https://github.com/rdesc/autorally/blob/rdesc-melodic-devel/autorally_control/src/path_integral/params/models/README.md#autorally_nnet_09_12_2018npz).

## basis_function_09_12_2018.npz 
This model predicts the time derivative of the state as a linear combination of a set of pre-defined basis functions. The basis functions that are used are defined 
in the file car_bfs.cuh. This model is meant to be used by the class generalized_linear.cuh, which takes the basis functions defined by car_bfs.cuh as a template parameter. Within
generalized_linear.cuh, the model is loaded in by "loadParams(std::string model_path)" where model_path is the path to this file.

## gazebo_nnet_09_12_2018.npz 
This is an old neural network based on the ROS indigo 2.x version of Gazebo. It has the exact same format as autorally_nnet.npz This model should not be used except to compare with previously published results. The paper "Robust Sampling Based Model Predictive Control with Sparse Objective Information" presented at RSS 2018 used this model with Gazebo 2.x. Note that with Gazebo 7+ the physics are vastly improved and the model trained on real-world data performs better than this network.

## shallow_network_08_20_2020.npz
Model with the same network configuration as the autorally_nnet [6, 32, 32, 4]. The model was trained on 15 minutes of gazebo simulation data - half with the CCRF track and half with the elliptical track. The loss function used in the training phase was the smooth L1 loss which minimized the one-step/instantaneous prediction error. For the optimizer, Adam was used. The config file, training phase, and test phase results can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1hbtPQ1O59ivdsUteQ0UlFi5hmFwQWuua?usp=sharing).

## wider_deeper_network_08_20_2020.npz
Model with layer configuration [6, 64, 64, 64, 64, 4]. This model has almost 10x more parameters as the original autorally_nnet model. It was trained in a similar fashion as the **shallow_network_08_20_2020.npz** model. The config file, training phase, and test phase results can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/18PA78Jj99LIdoK5mv4ri0zZks-MxAGIF?usp=sharing).

Commit message:

adds note about setting param negate_yaw_der to false for the models trained with the pipeline

autorally_control/src/path_integral/params/models/README.md, after:

This folder contains the parameters for the AutoRally dynamics models used by MPPI. All of the models take as input 4 (roll, longitudenal velocity, lateral velocity, heading rate) state variables and 
the commanded steering and throttle, and they output the time derivative of the state variables.

## autorally_nnet_09_12_2018.npz 
This is a neural network with 2 hidden layers and tanh non-linearities, which means that the total configuration of the network is 6-32-32-4. This network is meant to be used by the class neural_net_model.cuh, which takes the 6-32-32-4 shape as a template parameter. Within neural_net_model.cuh, the model is loaded in by the function "loadParams(std::string model_path)", where model path is the path to this file. This network was trained on real world data collected at CCRF on the beta chassis. It was initially
trained to minimize one-step prediction error, and then fine-tuned using back-prop through time in order to minimize multi-step prediction error. For both phases of training stochastic gradient descent with ADAM was used.

## torch_model_autorally_nnet.pt
A PyTorch model file with the autorally neural net architecture loaded up with the weights and biases from the [above file](https://github.com/rdesc/autorally/blob/rdesc-melodic-devel/autorally_control/src/path_integral/params/models/README.md#autorally_nnet_09_12_2018npz).

## basis_function_09_12_2018.npz 
This model predicts the time derivative of the state as a linear combination of a set of pre-defined basis functions. The basis functions that are used are defined 
in the file car_bfs.cuh. This model is meant to be used by the class generalized_linear.cuh, which takes the basis functions defined by car_bfs.cuh as a template parameter. Within
generalized_linear.cuh, the model is loaded in by "loadParams(std::string model_path)" where model_path is the path to this file.

## gazebo_nnet_09_12_2018.npz 
This is an old neural network based on the ROS indigo 2.x version of Gazebo. It has the exact same format as autorally_nnet.npz This model should not be used except to compare with previously published results. The paper "Robust Sampling Based Model Predictive Control with Sparse Objective Information" presented at RSS 2018 used this model with Gazebo 2.x. Note that with Gazebo 7+ the physics are vastly improved and the model trained on real-world data performs better than this network.

## shallow_network_08_20_2020.npz
Model with the same network configuration as the autorally_nnet [6, 32, 32, 4]. The model was trained on 15 minutes of gazebo simulation data - half with the CCRF track and half with the elliptical track. The loss function used in the training phase was the smooth L1 loss which minimized the one-step/instantaneous prediction error. For the optimizer, Adam was used. The config file, training phase, and test phase results can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1hbtPQ1O59ivdsUteQ0UlFi5hmFwQWuua?usp=sharing). Note when this model is loaded, the param **negate_yaw_der** in the roslaunch file **path_integral_nn.launch** need to be set to false! 

## wider_deeper_network_08_20_2020.npz
Model with layer configuration [6, 64, 64, 64, 64, 4]. This model has almost 10x more parameters as the original autorally_nnet model. It was trained in a similar fashion as the **shallow_network_08_20_2020.npz** model. The config file, training phase, and test phase results can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/18PA78Jj99LIdoK5mv4ri0zZks-MxAGIF?usp=sharing). Repeat from above model: when this model is loaded, the param **negate_yaw_der** in the roslaunch file **path_integral_nn.launch** need to be set to false!
